♪
CHRISTOS: One plant contains it all.
You really did it.
- It's gonna be a bumper crop.
- Did you hear what I said?
All of our warships are gone, Dad.
We can't go to Malta.
Leningrad.
[SIGHS] We can't go there either.
♪
September 1941.
Hitler's troops lay siege
to Leningrad for 900 days
of the blackest, most wretched
misery in human history.
Do you any idea what happens to your body
when starvation sets in?
It shrinks.
Heart and lungs compress.
Eyes, testicles, ovaries
just shrivel up and wither away.
Your muscles devour themselves.
Temperature falls, you freeze.
Why are you telling me this?
Nikolai Vavilov is why I'm
telling you this, my daughter.
I'm telling you this
because hidden in a bunker
barely 10 feet beneath that monstrous decay
and rot of existence in
Leningrad was salvation, Lucia.
The world's first global
plant bank from Vavilov.
400,000 thousand seeds, roots, vegetables,
protected not by guns
but by science.
By science.
Yet even Vavilov's devoted acolytes
couldn't beat the terror raging above them.
And finally they,
having never even touched one plant
for their own escape from doom,
also starved to death.
I'm telling you this because
you're my little girl,
and I love you.
And where Vavilov failed,
we will succeed in spreading
salvation to the world
for the protection of its
future, to protect your future.
Because right now, from
every point on the globe,
planes are converging on Malta.
And from there, we deliver
our gift to the world.
Our gift to ourselves, Lucia.
[EXHALES SHARPLY]
♪
Where are you going?
You can't leave me now.
We're so close, son.
♪
Please don't go.
[WHISPERS] Don't go.
♪
There are active ports
in Syracuse and Tripoli.
Benghazi, if he's got the fuel.
Vellek's not a runner.
The Greek convoy's rusting
at the bottom of the Med.
He can't stay put either.
With a helo, he can get at
least some of his product
to just about anywhere in this area.
If it's planes he's meeting,
we'll need to focus on airfields.
- [KNOCK ON DOOR]
- Come in.
We have a navy blue from Commander Garnett.
[DOOR CLOSES]
♪
- That crazy son of a bitch.
- SASHA: What?
Haifa Aegis Ashore picked
up three planes inbound,
headed for an airfield in Mdina.
Malta.
He knows we're coming for him,
and he's still going to Malta.
♪
Synced and corrected by louvette
www.addic7ed.com
[INDISTINCT CONVERSATIONS]
[INDISTINCT CONVERSATIONS CONTINUE]
♪
[EXHALES]
I, uh, pulled it off the RHIB.
Didn't want to let it go to waste.
[EXHALES]
♪
[CLEARS THROAT]
Ever notice how all the women
here have names that end in "A"?
What?
Kara, Alisha, Sasha, Azima.
- BURK: Andrea.
- MILLER: Commander Garnett. There you go.
So what? So don't you think
that's a little strange?
I think that all of you
are a little strange.
All right, lock it up.
Captain's got the floor.
Listen up. We don't have much time.
Here's the plan... you're
gonna RHIB to Malta,
landing in Valletta
and approaching from the southwest.
The airstrip is 12 klicks inland,
so you're gonna need
to find ground mobility.
Vellek knows we're on his
ass, so he's gonna work fast.
We don't know exactly how
he's gonna deliver his product,
but it's gonna be packed
for a quick hand-off.
JETER: We estimate the
planes will beat you to Malta
by about 10 minutes.
They'll most likely be
loaded and ready for takeoff
by the time you land.
SLATTERY: Meantime,
Nathan James will continue
the search for Vellek's ship,
But your job is to keep those planes
from taking off with the package.
You understand, you cannot
let those planes get airborne,
at any cost.
- [SPEAKS MALTESE] _
- [AZIMA SPEAKS ITALIAN] _
SLATTERY: We've all seen
what this drug can do...
some of us firsthand.
If Vellek's Nostos-laced
"cure" gets out into the world,
there won't be much
humanity left to fight for.
- [SPEAKING ITALIAN] _
- _
_
- [GRUNTS]
- [SILENCED GUNSHOT]
[GUNFIRE]
[WEAPONS CLICKING]
♪
DANNY: Nathan James, Vulture is in.
Helo just took off. We are
now in position on the tarmac.
I can confirm visuals on two planes.
Three hostiles loading crates.
British and Russian crews.
Roger, Vulture. Don't start blowing shit up
till we know what's in those crates.
We still need those progenitor seeds.
Copy. Vulture, on me.
All right.
[INDISTINCT CONVERSATIONS]
♪
Oh. Easy now, Baldie.
Hands on your head.
♪
- [GRUNTS]
- [COCKS GUN]
♪
[GRUNTS]
[SLICES]
♪
[THUD]
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
♪
No rust.
Still, hardly enough plants
to feed a country quickly.
And no seeds. Let's open the rest.
♪
Got it?
DANNY: Drop 'em.
- [THUD]
- Easy, easy.
♪
[GUNS CLACKING ON GROUND]
- Sniper! Uhh!
- [GUNSHOT]
- Aah!
- Take cover!
[GUNSHOTS]
[GUNFIRE CONTINUES]
♪
Mother, we got troops in contact.
Be advised, we have one eagle wounded!
- [GUNFIRE]
- Status unknown!
We are taking sniper fire from the tower!
Divert from search pattern.
- Set course for Malta. Flank speed.
- Aye, sir.
- Any other ships in the area?
- Showing five unidentified vessels.
No distinctive signatures.
The Americans found the airfield.
- Then the ship must be close. Find it!
- Yes, ma'am.
[INDISTINCT CONVERSATIONS]
Something else?
[INHALES SHARPLY]
♪
[INDISTINCT CONVERSATIONS IN GREEK]
[CLANK]
Christos!
Christos.
Look, you gotta...
Aw, man.
Stop it, man. Stop disappearing on me.
I need you here. Here! Here!
We need to finish what we started.
I know. I know. I know. I will.
I will. I know we're
close. I know we're just...
we're just so close.
[SIGHS]
Come on.
[BREATHING HEAVILY]
Oh, man, you gotta...
[SIGHS DEEPLY]
Stay with me.
♪
- [GUNSHOTS]
- [GRUNTING]
I'm going in for him!
No. That sniper's just
waiting for us to move!
Plus, we don't know what the
hell they got behind that truck!
Hey, you either cover me or you don't!
The second you move your white ass,
- they gonna take him out!
- On three!
- One! Two!
- I swear to God, Danny!
- Three!
- God! Damn it!
[DANNY SHOUTS]
[GUNFIRE]
Let's go! Let's go!
♪
- Aah!
- [TIRES SCREECH]
[GUNFIRE CONTINUES]
Come on!
[GRUNTING]
- Aah!
- Green!
[GUNFIRE CONTINUES]
[INDISTINCT SHOUTING]
- [GUNFIRE]
- [GRUNTS]
- [GUNFIRE CONTINUES]
- Aah!
♪
[GRUNTING]
[GUNFIRE CONTINUES]
Aah!
No, no, take Miller first!
- You lost your voting rights, man!
- Aah!
[GUNFIRE]
Aah! Aah!
Keep looking for the seeds!
[GUNFIRE CONTINUES, INDISTINCT SHOUTING]
[GUNFIRE CONTINUES]
[GRUNTING]
Be advised,
sniper is neutralized, but
we're still taking fire.
Miller and Green are secure, but down hard.
We need to get them exfil, ASAP!
Do you have the seeds?
AZIMA: Negative. No sign of the progenitor.
All of the crates are carrying
plants covered in insects.
He's spreading the Nostos the same way
the Red Rust spread,
through leaf-eating insects.
That's why there's only a
few plants in each crate.
They're just food to infect the bugs.
Vulture Team, the bugs are the vector.
I say again, the bugs are
the vector for the Nostos.
You need to destroy those crates.
[GUNFIRE]
Don't let any bugs get off that plane!
They all must burn!
Torch those planes! Burn
it all! Burn it all now!
♪
[GUNFIRE]
[HISSING]
[EXPLOSION, GUNFIRE]
One plane down.
Contents burning.
[INDISTINCT SHOUTING]
Second plane's crippled.
I can't blow the package until
I get these guys outta here.
[GUNFIRE CONTINUES]
[GRUNTING]
♪
You believe this guy, Danny?
Acting like he ain't
never been shot before.
[STRAINED VOICE] I haven't.
- What a rook.
- I know.
Come on, come on.
Hey, hey, hey, hey. Stay with me.
It's okay. Come on. This ain't nothin'.
This ain't nothin', right?
- Come on, Miller.
- [GRUNTS]
[PROPELLERS WHIRRING]
♪
You gotta be kidding me.
- [GUNFIRE]
- Uhh!
- There's a third plane!
- [GUNFIRE]
I say again, a third
plane on the north runway!
- I do not have a line to take target.
- [RADIO CLICKS]
[ENGINE RUMBLING]
- Go.
- No.
- If that plane takes off...
- I said I'm not leaving you, man!
[ENGINE RUMBLING]
Mother, Burk. Enemy aircraft taking off.
Facing 0-1-3. Marking with laser.
Request immediate fire support.
Soon as we engage, we'll
give away our position.
- If we lose that plane, Mike...
- What choice do we have?
♪
BURK: Mother, maintaining
laser lock on enemy target.
- OOD, set General Quarters.
- Aye, sir.
General Quarters, General Quarters.
CIC, Bridge.
Engage target. Prepare countermeasures.
[ENGINE ROARING]
[MOUTHS WORDS]
♪
I have target lock from laser.
Fire.
[CLICK]
[EXPLOSION]
♪
[WHOOSHING]
[EXPLOSION]
Yeah!
♪
[GRENADE CLATTERS]
[HISSING]
[SPEAKS GREEK] _
- What's going on?
- The Americans fired a missile.
And the planes, are they still...
All the planes have been destroyed.
But we have a lock on
Nathan James' position.
[SPEAKS GREEK] _
- No, wait...
- [SHOUTING IN GREEK] _
[MISSILE WHIRS]
Vampire! Vampire! Vampire!
Missile inbound, track 63.
MSS, TAO. Kill track with birds.
MSS aye, killing track 63 with birds.
[WHOOSHING]
♪
[EXPLOSION]
[SPEAKING GREEK] _
- Enough!
- Don't tell me how to fight the ship!
Keep lobbing missiles like that,
and they're gonna knock
them down every time!
- They're low on missiles. They have to be!
- So are we!
They're not gonna shoot at
us while we have the seeds.
Use the damn advantage and charge them!
Charge them!
♪
I've got a lock on Vellek's ship.
Heading straight for us.
They're tired of missing.
Lucia wants a fistfight.
She knows we can't fire back.
Might as well get within potato range.
Gator, set course for Linosa.
We need the island cover.
Hardly a fair fight. We can't fire.
So we knock the fight out of them.
Let them chase us around the island.
But drop a couple operators
in a zodiac right in her path.
Board and cripple that ship.
Nathan James can then
come out of cover and take control
while we find the seeds.
We still have to exfil our operators.
From the sound of it,
they're not in any shape...
I'll go.
It's personal for Lucia.
They have the seeds. She wants me.
If I fail,
Nathan James lives to fight another day.
I'll go with you.
It's personal for me, too.
♪
[OBJECTS CLATTER]
Dad, that's just distilled
Nostos for plants.
It'll mellow you out, but
it won't bring Christos back.
What did you do with it?
What did you do with my damn stash?
I dumped it.
Oh, my God.
I need you sharp. You're a junkie,
and your recklessness got Giorgio killed.
And now you want the
rest of us to join him.
I won't let that happen.
From now on, we do this my way or...
- [SLAPS]
- Oh!
[WHIMPERS]
♪
I'm not angry at you, Dad.
Not anymore.
Anger won't bring my brothers back.
Christos, stop her.
He doesn't leave the lab.
Christos.
Christos?
[MUTTERS] Christos...
[INDISTINCT CONVERSATIONS]
Nathan James will maintain
position behind the island.
First, you'll need to burn the ship's radar
by crippling its cooling mechanism.
Cooling skid's in the engine room. Got it.
When it goes, you'll have a couple minutes
before the radar systems
auto-shutdown from the heat.
- No radar, no targeting.
- Understood.
Compromising the engine's reduction gear
will grind the ship's propulsion to a halt.
It's usually padlocked.
All you gotta do is gum up the works.
Not a problem.
Now we won't make a move
until we know you guys are DIW.
So if anything goes south, bail,
and we will come around
and we will pick you up...
Captain. We got it.
[EXHALES SHARPLY]
Yeah. I can see that.
Good luck.
♪
JETER: Gator, how we doing?
GATOR: We're on the lee
side of Linosa, Master Chief.
Vellek's ship is bearing 125 degrees
and approximately 20 knots.
♪
They're rounding the island for cover.
Okay, all ahead full.
Negative. I'm going to slow down.
I want to see what's around that turn.
All ahead, 2/3.
[MAN SPEAKS GREEK]
♪
Vellek's props are decreasing speed.
Slower is good. Hooking a
ship at night's hard enough.
Don't want to try it at 30 knots.
Crossing the interception
point. Zodiac is there.
[INDISTINCT CONVERSATIONS]
Good luck.
♪
- [MUFFLED GRUNT]
- [SLICES]
[BODY THUDS]
♪
- [SPEAKING GREEK] _
- [ALARM BLARING]
_
[ALARM BLARING, MEN SHOUTING INDISTINCTLY]
[ALARM CONTINUES BLARING]
[WHISPERING] General Quarters.
Means they're closing in on Nathan James.
We got 10 minutes.
An entire Greek ship against the two of us.
They won't know what hit 'em.
[MEN SHOUTING INDISTINCTLY]
♪
[GRUNTS]
[EXHALES SHARPLY]
[WHISPERS] There's gotta be some somewhere.
[CANISTER CLANKS]
♪
[CONTAINERS CLATTERING]
[PANTING]
- Oh, God.
- [CANISTER CLANKS]
[PANTING]
[CANISTER CLANKS]
[GRUNTING]
♪
[EXHALES]
[GROANS]
That's not gonna work. There's not enough.
♪
[COUGHS]
- [BOTTLE SHATTERS]
- [BREATHING DEEPLY]
[EXHALES DEEPLY]
Come on, Christos.
[GUNSHOTS, THUD]
♪
[CLICKING]
[SILENCED GUNSHOTS, THUD]
♪
[HISSING]
- [MEN SHOUT INDISTINCTLY]
- [SILENCED GUNSHOT]
♪
[CLANK]
Cooling's down. Weapons are
FUBAR. Heading for Vellek's lab.
I'll meet you there.
♪
[GRUNTING]
- [SILENCED GUNSHOT]
- Aah!
- [THUD]
- [GRUNTING CONTINUES]
[CLANK]
[PANTING]
[SHATTERS, ELECTRICITY ZAPS]
[SHIP POWERS DOWN]
[BEEPING]
[INDISTINCT CONVERSATIONS]
[SPEAKS GREEK] _
[BEEPING CONTINUES]
[INDISTINCT CONVERSATIONS CONTINUE]
[SPEAKING GREEK] _
_
- _
- [HANGS UP PHONE]
- [SMACK, BODY THUDS]
Triton's dead in the water, ma'am.
♪
Bridge, CIC.
Roger that, CIC.
Vellek's lost propulsion.
I'd say that's the cue from Chandler.
OOD, get us out from behind this island.
Head straight for that Greek Destroyer.
All ahead full.
Aye, sir. Helm, all ahead full.
- All ahead full, aye.
- [CLANK]
♪
[SPEAKING GREEK] _
_
♪
[STATIC]
- [SPEAKING GREEK] _
- _
_
What does that mean?
It means we're blind. We cannot target.
♪
[EXHALES DEEPLY] Fire manually.
Send a missile. Send 20!
If we fire without cooling,
the launchers will warp,
and we'll be trapped inside
a floating 10,000-ton bomb!
Captain, what are the odds
of this number of
catastrophic system failures
happening all at once?
A million to one.
♪
The Americans.
They're already here.
♪
[KLAXON BLARING]
[KLAXON CONTINUES BLARING,
MEN SHOUTING INDISTINCTLY]
♪
[KLAXON CONTINUES BLARING]
[ALARM CONTINUES BLARING]
[EXHALES DEEPLY]
♪
[BLARING CONTINUES]
[CART RATTLING]
[BLARING CONTINUE]
♪
Christos.
[SIGHS] They're coming for us.
We have to leave, son.
[DING]
Christos? We gotta go, man. Where are you?
Right here, Dad.
♪
The seeds. Where are they?
My son...
It's over, Vellek,
but you can still redeem yourself.
You can redeem your family.
Give us the formula for
the cure without the Nostos.
Feed the world.
A random act of violence.
That's what they called it
when my son was beaten to death.
Then the virus came, and
"random" became "constant."
Man's real nature, his conscience,
his compassion, went to sleep.
Smothered by his addiction to violence.
I offered a way back.
It wasn't a way back. It was a way out.
You have a formula. You have the seeds.
- Whatever you've done...
- Cannot be undone.
♪
What's gone is gone.
[FLAMES WHOOSHING]
Go! Get Vellek! I'll find the seeds!
♪
[FLAMES WHOOSH]
[GLASS SHATTERING]
[FLAMES WHOOSHING]
♪
[METAL THUDS AND CRASHES]
[MEN SHOUT INDISTINCTLY]
- [SILENCED GUNSHOTS]
- [THUD]
♪
[SPRAYING]
BM3, what's the first order
you get when you take the helm?
- Don't crash the ship, sir.
- I want you to belay that order.
You do whatever it takes,
but get us alongside that
enemy ship as hard as you can.
Aye aye, Captain.
OOD, bring us in at target angle 170.
I want that ship to need
a cigarette after this.
Aye, sir.
Master Chief, no way Vulture
team gets back in time.
And they're beat to hell.
I need a boarding party.
Attention, all hands.
This is your Master Chief.
At this very moment, our
ship's most capable operators
are making their way back
from one hell of a fight.
But we're not done here.
Our Captain needs volunteers to join him
in boarding the enemy
ship and bringing Cooper,
Captain Chandler, and those
seeds back in one piece.
Anyone willing to lay
their lives on the line,
muster in the Helo bay in five minutes.
That is all.
♪
[SPEAKING GREEK] _
They won't shoot. They can't.
No, they're going to try to board us.
[SPEAKING GREEK] _
_
- Where are you going?!
- To clean up your family's mess.
♪
[SHOUTING IN GREEK]
[CONTINUES SHOUTING IN GREEK]
- [MEN SHOUTING INDSITINCTLY]
- [CONTINUES SHOUTING IN GREEK]
♪
50 cal and two 40s, Captain.
All right, they showed us
theirs. Let's show 'em ours.
XO, prepare to pound 'em.
Get Commander Green up
here. I need her eyes.
Granderson, you've got combat.
Work the cut-out zones of
Triton's crew-served weapons.
And send Commander Green up to the bridge.
Yes, sir.
♪
[SHOUTS IN GREEK]
- [GUNFIRE]
- [GRUNTS]
[GUNFIRE CONTINUES]
Commander, do your thing!
Aye, sir!
[CLANKING]
- [WHIRS]
- [CLICK]
Let's hope I still got it.
[CLICK, FIRING]
[GUNFIRE]
[GRUNTS]
[YELLING]
[GLASS SHATTERING, BULLETS RICOCHETING]
♪
SLATTERY: Joe, let's get that team moving!
Sir! Permission to join the boarding party.
Move!
[GUNFIRE CONTINUES]
[PANTING]
[SPEAKS GREEK] _
[INDISTINCT SHOUTING]
[GUNFIRE]
Shift your rudder!
Shift my rudder, aye!
[SHOUTING IN GREEK]
- Aah!
- [SHOUTING IN GREEK]
♪
Uhh!
- [SHOUTS INDISTINCTLY]
- Gunner's down!
[GUNFIRE CONTINUES]
Aah!
- [GUNFIRE]
- Aah!
[YELLING]
[GRUNTS]
[GUNFIRE STOPS]
Yep, still got it.
♪
[MEN SHOUTING INDISTINCTLY]
[MEN SHOUT INDISTINCTLY]
♪
Ready, team?
Now! Port engine ahead 2/3!
Starboard engine back 2/3!
- [ERRATIC BEEPING]
- Brace! Brace! Brace!
[LOUD COLLISION]
[GRUNTING]
[SCRAPING]
JETER: Go! Go! Go! Move! Move!
[BEEPING]
Go, go, go!
- [GUNSHOT]
- Uhh!
♪
- [GUNSHOT]
- [GRUNTING]
[INDISTINCT SHOUTING]
[GUNSHOT]
♪
[COUGHING]
- [GUNSHOT]
- Aah! [GRUNTS]
Bitch! Finish her!
♪
- [GUNSHOTS]
- [SILENCED GUNSHOTS]
♪
- [GRUNTS]
- [SILENCED GUNSHOTS]
[SILENCED GUNSHOTS]
♪
- [GUNSHOTS]
- [GRUNTS]
♪
- [GUNFIRE]
- Uhh!
- [GUNSHOT]
♪
I shot double "Expert" at the Academy.
No one ever asked.
Right.
♪
[GUNFIRE]
- [GUNFIRE]
- Uhh!
♪
Clear.
Vellek!
♪
Hell of a view, man.
- [GUNSHOT]
- [GRUNTS]
♪
The mighty Tom Chandler, down on one knee.
I'm swooning.
Give me the gun.
[BREATHES SHARPLY]
[STRAINED VOICE] I thought this
family didn't believe in violence.
We're only human.
This one's for Giorgio.
- [SILENCED GUNSHOTS]
- Uhh! Uhh!
[THUD]
♪
[GRUNTS] Daddy...
[GASPING]
[WHISPERS] Daddy?
Daddy...
♪
[EXHALES DEEPLY]
This world...
Somewhere, this world is good.
♪
Step away from the edge, Vellek.
I offered a cure, man.
A real and final cure for
the sickness in us all.
You of all people should know about that...
what you've seen, what you've done.
You need what I'm
offering more than anybody.
You're right, Doctor.
I have seen the worst in people,
the worst in myself.
But I've also seen strength in others
that you wouldn't believe,
and kindness that would bring you to tears.
That was beautiful, man.
I can clearly see why people follow you.
But you are the one-eyed king.
I offer you peace, you choose war.
Peace at the cost of free will?
I'll take war anytime.
[SIGHS]
"We the people"...
Addicted to your darkness.
Being human isn't about
cutting out the darkness.
It's about fighting,
every day, to find the light!
♪
No, Captain.
You don't have to fight to find the light.
Give the world another chance.
See the good for yourself.
The people still need you.
We have the seeds, but
we need your science.
♪
I appreciate the invite, man.
But there's Heaven.
♪
And I gotta go.
- [MONITOR BEEPING STEADILY]
- ♪
[GLOVE SNAPS]
[BEEPING CONTINUES]
[WHISPERS] Hi, sweetheart.
[MONITOR BEEPING STEADILY]
[EXHALES] You did it.
[BREATHING DEEPLY]
You saved the world again.
[EXHALES DEEPLY]
[MONITOR BEEPING STEADILY]
Easy day.
[CHUCKLES]
[EXHALES DEEPLY]
[MONITOR BEEPING STEADILY]
♪
SLATTERY: We have the
seeds. They look good.
We salvaged what we could
of Vellek's research,
got our hands on some cured
plants that are Nostos free,
and plenty of bugs.
Doc Rios figures we can spread
that cure around the world
in half the time it took
the Red Rust to poison it.
A hell of a stunt you
pulled, ramming that ship.
I've seen crazier.
Anyway, we found a port to
refuel, and we got a-a plane
to evacuate our wounded
as quickly as possible.
Where we headed?
Not far from your old
stomping grounds in Greece.
We're gonna deliver the refugees,
and then you can decide if
you wanna be dropped off, too,
or pick up your family.
I can take you wherever it is
you might want to go to next.
♪
[SIGHS]
How about home?
♪
Yeah, home it is.
So this is what you guys do all day?
Pretty much.
That is something else.
You all giving my man Gator a hard time?
Uh, his testicles just dropped,
so yeah, we're about to start.
Hey, how many navigators does
it take to change a lightbulb?
How many?
One, if you can find it. [LAUGHS]
- [GROANS] Jesus, Miller.
- You just make that up?
- I'm on drugs.
- Doc, up his dosage, please.
Please, cut him off.
[LAUGHTER]
♪
You should be resting.
[SIGHS] Resting doesn't
seem to be my thing.
[CHUCKLES]
[BREATHES SHARPLY]
Well, you saved the world. Again.
We did.
It was always "we."
Let's hope this time it's for good.
Future's uncertain.
Vellek was right. There's
still a lot of bad out there.
♪
But at least we're getting a fresh start.
Fresh start sounds like a good plan.
♪
Synced and corrected by louvette
www.addic7ed.com
♪
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org